what's up YouTube I was watching a video
by Mark Loeb liner and he was talking
about how you know playing fitness is
like with like pussy shit and I get that
general consensus for most bodybuilders
big dudes and you know what I understand
from you like their size you know then
yd Lee free weight they want to be able
to add as much weight that they possibly
can because let's be honest when you're
deadlifting five or six hundred pounds
been qing three close to 400 it's kind
of hard to do that sort of shit I planet
because it's all smith machine for the
most part and the dumbbells only go up
to 75 but what I think what most people
lose track of is that like you can still
do bench press you still do deadlift
still do squats my mind you can there's
also a plate weight out of Lake press so
there's still things you can do but what
most people I feel like they take away
from it more or less is that they don't
understand that you could still do those
multi-joint exercises I mean ideally
it's not going to be your big mass
gainer but instead of focusing on those
then go do isolation movements like
today's chest for me I'm going to start
off with bench press on the Smith
Machine for probably six sets start low
like 135 like I always do and work my
way up to 250 because that's that's my
working set move the 250 and I might
switch incline or whatever and then I'll
go straight to fucking cable flyes so I
can get that most max tension on my
chest you're not going to get a big
chest for bench press you fucking not
it's a multi jointed exercise it's going
to build your triceps your shoulders in
your chest and it's not going to target
your chest as much as say a fly would so
n means of getting bigger you can
fucking do it if you concentrate on
isolation movements people diss on
fucking planet fitness all the time I
think it's more just people not willing
to put in that extra effort to try
people don't take those sort of things
to consider so don't step back and think
a let's go back to the basics to
isolations movements things that focus
on that
that muscle group those muscle fibers in
particular instead of multi-joint
exercises which although are better for
power lifts and you know getting
stronger they don't sculpt as well so
that's my fucking take on it I mean you
guys can fucking hate all you want and I
get where the heads coming from but I
mean you can still do this shit you want
to do and it looks like the atmospheres
I bad it's very clean environment the
people there are generally very nice
even though when I put 400 on the
fucking smith machine and start fucking
dead lifting people stare at me like I'm
fucking crazy but I gotta do what I
gotta do I have a person next to me
benching probably only like 50 pounds
like whatever that is and then I'm
sitting there deadlifting 400 you know
people like the environment where
there's big dude big power to build big
bodybuilders motivates them it keeps
them more interested but for me for me I
don't care as long as I get a decent
workout in I'm not at the gym to fucking
socialize I'm at the fucking gym to work
work out I'm not going to be there for
three hours just cuz some fucking old
guy has his nuts on the fucking bench
talking to me of how back in his day it
was all fucking hammer strength fuck
that I'm there to fucking work so I
understand the hate of fuck all you
haters you can get big a planet fitness
there are dudes there I'm i plan to
fitness pro card bodybuilders fucking
huge motherfuckers like 200 pounds lean
that work out at my planet fitness it's
fucking possible ok I don't understand
the hate but haters going to hate
whatever until you go to a planet
fitness and you work out there with your
black card and the only reason I like a
plan Fitness is one bitches I live and a
town where I as a college town pretty
much so after two after college gets out
full of fucking ass so fuck that if I so
fuck everyone else is the roof uh
complete and fitness fucking old people
no fuck that dude fuck that
you know I go there let us part of the
reason it's cheap its twenty dollars a
month for the black card I get unlimited
tanning I get fucking massage beds
massage chairs you where the fuck could
you go wrong I get a free guest a free
guest every day for twenty dollars a
month no one else does that sort of shit
you know although I i do miss the free
weights i do miss the hundred pound
dumbbells i do miss that i miss the
shoulder presses the the chest press i
do more focusing i do more specifically
flies I focus on that more and I've seen
great results with that so far I've been
there for like probably like suddenly
three months three for four months some
like that I take it or leave it man I
mean people want to hate all they want
they can hate I don't care I don't care
it's just annoying people think they
know but they don't fucking know I've
been lifting for one year one fucking
year one year I'm leg pressing over
thousand I'm dead lifting over 400 I'm
rep 250 on bench press and I'm not like
tall and I'm not lean not that lean
finely now I'd probably be like maybe
170 160 some like that but I'm 180 right
now I'm like average like 58 59 so it's
not like I'm fucking tall I'm not like
huge but one year and i'm not going to
contribute that solely to planet fitness
have only been there for four five three
four fucking months out of my whole year
i trained there but i've seen a lot of
results from it because i had learned
that i'm going to start doing more
isolated movements and it works that's
well you know i'm just going to end it
on that isolated movements do your
multi-joint first isolation next that's
what every fucking body says you don't
need a fucking $60 membership at fucking
Gold's to be able to fucking do that
you need a bench press and the cable
crossover your fucking good let me guys
know what you think I'm fucking down
just whatever later